hi there I am so excited to share with
you this new product discovery from me I
picked this up on my Orlando shopping
trip then I showed in my or later haul
last week and it's called the door and
they all glow it looks like this it's
considered a nail and answer it's not
really a topcoat or a base coat it's
just meant to be worn on the nails alone
and just add a little bit of pink effect
the nail beds and supposed to whiten the
tips of your nails now I have found that
it does of course add a little bit of
pink tone to the nails but I have not
really found that it provides a lot of
whitening to the nail tips but I am
really just super excited about this
product it has been wonderful for my
nails now I want to go back and tell you
a little bit about a product that I
tried previously that was I'm supposed
to have the same effect that was the
perfect formula pink gel coat at the
time I purchased it it was being sold on
QVC and I think now it's available in
Sephora and probably other locations but
it was supposed to also be a nail
enhancer that you know made the Pink's
of your nails Pinker and the whites
whiter and I purchased it it went on
beautifully it looks great but it
started peeling almost immediately there
was no technique that I could try to
make this product work I tried buffing
my nails applying a base coat a topcoat
all different sorts of things and it
would just always peel immediately and
by immediately I mean I would put it on
in the morning and by the afternoon it
was already bubbling and then pulling up
at the edges so I really wanted to love
the formula and the product but I
couldn't make it work so I ended up not
using it I probably used a third or
maybe a half of the bottle of trying
different techniques and ended up just
putting it away never bringing it back
out and I actually found it recently and
I wish I would have saved it so I could
show you the bottle but it had dried up
because I hadn't used
very long time but I just want to show
you a side-by-side comparison
appearance-wise they're just a very
similar product just both meant to be a
nice little pink light snail enhancer
coat um so in comes the Dior nail glow
and this came out and I was cautiously
optimistic I really wanted to like the
product but I was managing my
expectations because I knew how you know
disappointed I was with the pink gel
coat but I decided to give this a try
because to your you know has great
formulas usually so I went to Sephora
and I found this in person if you are
looking for it in person I just want to
show you it will come in a little box
like this so don't be looking for the
bottle on its own look for a little box
like this they had two of them in stock
I know that's been an issue with
availability online I think it's been a
little bit hit and miss in the store
they had to so I grabbed one of them and
I brought it home and tried it almost
immediately and I was you know kind of
skeptical thinking that you know how
long is this really gonna last have I
just wasted a lot of money on its
products but I have been so pleasantly
surprised I am so grateful to be wrong
in this situation I love it when I'm
wrong about things like this it has been
wonderful it has made my nails so strong
so durable I put this product on and I
did not even notice any visible wear on
them for five days and I am not kidding
and during that time I was not gentle on
my nails at all I cleaned out my
refrigerator I cleaned my house I clean
my bathrooms just all the normal
day-to-day things that I would normally
do I didn't want to try be gentle in it
so that I can do a positive review down
the road I just wanted to have a
realistic expectation of how this
product was gonna wear for me and I'm
just super impressed it goes on really
smoothly I'm going to show you the brush
that this comes with so the little lid
just pops up like a coin to try and
twist that off and I have it and see if
I can do this without getting the Polish
all over me it has a really nice flat
and wide brush
it looks like this so it goes on with
just a couple swipes because of how wide
the brush is I wasn't sure about this at
first but I really liked it I've been
seeing this a little bit more often in
different polishes the first coat went
on very shiny very smooth but once it
dries it it's a little bit duller you
definitely need the second coat I didn't
find that neither three you might want
to do that for you but for for me to was
plenty and like I said super durable it
was like a coat of armor for my nails I
took this off last night and reapplied
it today because I wanted to be nice and
fresh for the video that I was shooting
today but I probably could have skipped
that just for purposes you know a
filming and how closely you're going to
see it and you might not have noticed
any difference
I definitely felt like I needed a
refresher after a week but it's just
such a great formula and my nails just
feel so protective with this on and I
like that it just adds a little bit of a
nice touch it's not a color it doesn't
clash with anything it doesn't require a
lot of fuss because it's clear so you
could just kind of put it on and dries
very quickly and then run out the door
which is something that I always love
and I'm really pleased with it I am so
pleasantly surprised with how bright
this product is I think it was worth the
money it is you know a little pricey for
a nail coat let's be honest but the
perfect formula pink gel Cup is $30 and
this was $24 so it six dollars less a
bottle and in my opinion a far and away
better formula so for me it was worth
the splurge definitely and I'm really
happy with it I'm going to be using this
quite often so I just wanted to share
that with you today I hope that it was
helpful to you and if you enjoy this
please like and subscribe and I hope to
see you very soon bye bye
you